Graduate ReadWriteOncePod to GA (#43417)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/workloads/controllers/statefulset.md

          storage: 1Gi
```

{{< note >}}

> For this example we use the `ReadWriteOnce` access mode. For production use we
> recommend `ReadWriteOncePod`.

Reviewer: We [avoid using “we”](https://kubernetes.io/docs/contribute/style/style-guide/#avoid-using-we) in docs.
```suggestion
This example use the `ReadWriteOnce` access mode, for simplicity. For production use, the Kubernetes
project recommends using the `ReadWriteOncePod` access mode instead.
```
